Paul lost his house in a fire
Nick just found $50 on the street
Ricky is homeless
Scott is saving to pay his university fees
Dave lives in a luxury penthouse apartment
Eric stole money from his mother's wallet.
Bill lost his life savings when his small business failed
Steve cheated on his taxes and is now under investigation for tax fraud.
Dan is a veteran having trouble finding employment.
Jeff stole his elderly father's prescription medications.
Kyle declared bankruptcy after he was laid off.
Cecil takes valuables from his friends' homes when asked to house-sit.
Robert was injured in a hit-and-run accident and cannot afford his medical bills.
Jack was mugged and had his wallet stolen.
Peter often goes through and steals the neighbors' mail. 
Frank has been unable to find a job for over a year.
Charlie is a well paid lawyer 
Dennis is a retiree
Mac just bought an expensive sports car
Jacob is saving for his son's operation 
Ted bullies his employees to put in extra hours at work.
Mike just lost his job
Larry employs illegal immigrants and pays them less than minimum wage.
Tim could not afford his mortgage and his home was foreclosed.
Andrew is hiding his taxable income in Switzerland.
Devin underreports his company's earnings and pockets the profits.
Becky works as a cleaner in a hotel
Trish's husband is a wealthy investment banker 
Sarah can't afford to pay her medical bills
Jean is going to be evicted because she is behind on her rent
Karen owns an international company
Christina received a large inheritance from a distant relative
Martha is a single mother
Alyssa just won the lottery
Abby cannot afford to send her son to college.
Alice regularly fires employees to avoid promoting them.
Eva secretly gambles with her husband's savings.
Anna claims false expenses for her reportable work travel.
Emily is a highly paid actress
Janet has to take an unpaid leave of absence because her mother broke her hip.
Deborah got a large cash bonus from her boss
Fay was a victim of identity theft and is now thousands of dollars in debt.
Jenny works two waitressing jobs to pay her bills.
Miriam just received a huge cash settlement
Rose takes discarded food from grocery stores to feed her children.
Kay steals her coworkers' tips to buy alcohol.
Sharon just lost her small business after a franchise moved in next door.
Penny used her mother's social security number to open a credit card account.
Maria is raising money to buy gifts for children in need.
Angela illegally parks in the disabled parking spots when she can.
Louise's car with her bag and credit cards was recently stolen. 
Marny just found out that her husband has incurred a large credit card debt.